Add tip from remote-release on non-manual build (#4920)
microsoft/vscode-docs: docs/remote/devcontainer-cli.md

The `devcontainer build` command allows you to build the dev container image for a folder. As with the `open` command, `build` accepts a path to the folder to build the image for and defaults to the current working folder in your shell. For example, `devcontainer build` will build the dev container image for the current folder and `devcontainer build ~/source/my-folder` will build the container image for the `~/source/my-folder` folder.

> In order for your dev container to build properly, it must be built by VS Code and the Remote - Containers extension rather than a manual user build with Docker.
> 
> You can promote pre-building and ensuring VS Code builds the container through something like the following in your Dockerfile:

Reviewer: Maybe add a heading and mention that the CLI and GH Codespaces work too.

```suggestion
### [Optional] Avoiding problems with images built using Docker

In order for your dev container to build properly, it may need to be built by the dev container CLI, the Remote - Containers extension, or GitHub Codespaces rather than a manual user build with Docker. To avoid this problem, you can encourage the use of the dev container CLI instead by adding a required, unset build argument in your Dockerfile that is only set in `devcontainer.json` or a dev container specific Docker Compose file. 

For example, you could add the following to your Dockerfile:
```
